this is the Delk pedrol station here in
the Israeli city of ashdod and as you
can see this is the damage caused by a
Palestinian rocket strike this morning
it struck about 7:30 or 8:00 in the
morning and look at the fire that
started at these pumps here they're
almost entirely destroyed and the fire
spread right up to the ceiling have a
look on the roof there and that black
that soot and if you look down there
here's the damage
the rest of the petrol station two more
pumps were knocked out the glass has
been shattered a paramedic I've just
been speaking to says that six people
were injured one seriously that person
was taken to hospital and this may be
one of the most serious strikes from
Gaza to Israel uh in recent days
Palestinian militants have fired more
than 500 Rockets towards Israel many of
them have been intercepted but for some
reason the rockets that were fired here
this morning were not intercepted so it
shows that
despite Israel's air strikes despite its
intention to stop Rockets rocket fire
continues to land here in Israel